at last
toni itself
and such guys how are you welcome to
new unboxing this time I wanted to
explain to you on the one hand why there is no
more unboxing and it's because good or not
there is pasta to buy all the
damn limited editions or seconds
because there is no where to buy because
the companies neither the distributors
do not send collectors editions
who can buy the stores
do it and buy yourself and sometimes look
guys does not give so much does not go for everything
at the end of the day so good
trying to attract the largest number of
unboxing I can and nothing else today
I bring disney infinite and that in this
so, as in the normal ones, they come
with a set of figurines and with the
platform so you can play
disney infinite and you have many then
has many possibilities and I have
eager to sink his teeth like that
what are we going to do
well here we are with the starter pack
of nintendo of nintendo
disney infinite and that is for nintendo
Wii and Nintendo Wii Precision 3 and Xbox
360 is disney and that's why I've put
funk background music the background
medley of scorpio verse that comes out at
is juanes the kiss itself comes from
scorpion rock amount of arras smith a
lots of people that good here
you have good on the platform where
we put the games of the terms the
dolls that automatically appear
on the screen of your console according
the good part becomes controllable
is that we can collect the figures
the bad part is that we can collect
the figures therefore we will
generate a little bit of addiction
get them all and get the
base platforms a little bit is going to be
entertaining the truth you have to know what
buy and how because each one has a
special ability then I will try
bring you the biggest reviews of
possible characters and there will be greim
gameplays about it you will have gameplays
of disney infinity but not in the
channel but in another place where toni
where toni tell us about the mystery aha
how good I lost the rubber of the
head so he had to catch with
your mouth so you can see how much you
I want and that I sacrifice with my mouth
see you guys today has the lord
you can follow on twitter on facebook and
can you follow me down the street see you
of more goodbye videos
i
my grandson
the day
it does not matter
no longer